README.md, before:

# lasersail
Simulation and analysis of lasers pushing laser-sail spacecraft to Alpha Centauri

This repo is http://github.com/mroam/lasersail and we have more information at https://sites.google.com/a/saintannsny.org/solar-sail-2016/

Here's our live interactive web app! https://rawgit.com/mroam/lasersail/master/index.html 
Works on (recent) desktop, phone, and tablet browsers. 
(Tested on ipad, iphone, imac with latest os and browser, March 2017.)
This is a quickly refreshing link showing the latest app version, but isn't meant for heavy traffic so please don't point any apps at this link that could generate repeated frequent traffic. 
(If that happens, rawgit will throttle us, warn us, and finally kill the link.) This link is a savvy display of the index page and associated "[sketch.js](https://github.com/mroam/lasersail/blob/master/sketch.js)" javascript file which sits in this folder along with this readme.


PS: "http://rawgit.com" is nicely feeding our github html file ( https://github.com/mroam/lasersail/blob/master/index.html )
with headers that allow it to include javascript and run online.






(PS: alternative address that doesn't refresh often, for heavy duty high traffic:
https://cdn.rawgit.com/mroam/lasersail/44698f09/index.html

Bugs:
[ ] "Launch" button is using data from previous run; why aren't numbers getting reset by launch??

More ideas:
[ ] Increasing price of increasing laser power: should not go up linearly!
[ ] Starting laser freq/power settings could alter color of starting circle(s)!
[ ] "Realtime" multi-year app. (± compress time)
[ ] 

Not in the javascript yet:
[ ] Spot-size of laser?
[ ] Cost of comm+nav equipment, laser, sail-size, sail-material, on-board propellant, etc
[ ] Temperature effects, ripping, steering, rotating, adjustable mass

Commit message:

note re laser-sail-2016.rtf

README.md, after:

# lasersail
Simulation and analysis of lasers pushing laser-sail spacecraft to Alpha Centauri

This repo is http://github.com/mroam/lasersail and we have more information at https://sites.google.com/a/saintannsny.org/solar-sail-2016/ (which has been transferred into the "laser-sail-2016.rtf" which has links embedded and would really like to be converted to MD or HTML!)

Here's our live interactive web app! https://rawgit.com/mroam/lasersail/master/index.html 
Works on (recent) desktop, phone, and tablet browsers. 
(Tested on ipad, iphone, imac with latest os and browser, March 2017.)
This is a quickly refreshing link showing the latest app version, but isn't meant for heavy traffic so please don't point any apps at this link that could generate repeated frequent traffic. 
(If that happens, rawgit will throttle us, warn us, and finally kill the link.) This link is a savvy display of the index page and associated "[sketch.js](https://github.com/mroam/lasersail/blob/master/sketch.js)" javascript file which sits in this folder along with this readme.


PS: "http://rawgit.com" is nicely feeding our github html file ( https://github.com/mroam/lasersail/blob/master/index.html )
with headers that allow it to include javascript and run online.






(PS: alternative address that doesn't refresh often, for heavy duty high traffic:
https://cdn.rawgit.com/mroam/lasersail/44698f09/index.html

Bugs:
[ ] "Launch" button is using data from previous run; why aren't numbers getting reset by launch??

More ideas:
[ ] Increasing price of increasing laser power: should not go up linearly!
[ ] Starting laser freq/power settings could alter color of starting circle(s)!
[ ] "Realtime" multi-year app. (± compress time)
[ ] 

Not in the javascript yet:
[ ] Spot-size of laser?
[ ] Cost of comm+nav equipment, laser, sail-size, sail-material, on-board propellant, etc
[ ] Temperature effects, ripping, steering, rotating, adjustable mass
